# helathcare-website

This project was bootstrapped with [helathcare-website](https://simple-healthcare-website.netlify.app/).

* The plant is located at Rajendrapur under Gazipur districts in Bangladesh; 50 kilometer north to Dhaka city. Total Area of the premises is 31,200 sq.m having 6, 955 sq.m covered.
* Quality control system is engaged in sampling, preparation of specifications, testing of materials and products, preparation of documentation, preparation of raw & packaging material released procedures etc.

- Moreover, Quality Control Department has other duties to establish, validate (with Product development) and implement all quality control procedures, keeping the reference samples of materials and products, ensuring correct labeling of containers of materials and products. Besides these Quality Control activities include monitoring of stability of products (with product development) and participating in the investigation of product complaints.

* The Quality Control Department has the responsibility and authority to sample, test and accept or reject all materials, such as, active substances, excipients, primary and secondary packaging materials. The Quality Assurance Department has responsibility and authority to sample intermediates and finished goods. To carry out these functions efficiently and effectively, adequate laboratory facilities are provided in a well-established chemical testing laboratory, along with a well-equipped instrumentation laboratory with modern sophisticated analytical equipments and a microbiology laboratory.

* HPL Plant is having highly qualified and experienced people. To cope with the modern technology and highly sophisticated operations, all employees of the plant are being developed through internal and external training programs. We have practice of structured training need and training evaluation system. To harmonize people with global standard, internationally renounced GMP expert Dr. David Richard Buckley is appointed to train up our people throughout the year. Most of our functional heads have enriched their knowledge with training in AOTS, Japan.

*  Pharmaceuticals Limited gives intensive emphasis on R & D, as this is the key to success of any Pharmaceutical. Our R& D is a manifestation of our belief in quality and competency. HPL R & D is a team consisting of multidisciplinary scientists with extensive experience in leading Pharmaceuticals, having vision to achieve the goal of the company in term of quality and business with integration of advanced technological changes conforming international standards.

* The Quality unit in HPL is as per WHO guideline, consists of Quality Assurance and Quality Council, which are working independently. The Quality Assurance department consists of Quality Control and Quality Compliance (Quality Assurance). Quality assurance and Quality Council are a wide ranging of concept which covers all matters individually or collectively influence the quality of a product. It is the sum total of the organized arrangements made with the object of ensuring that medicinal products are of the quality required for their intended use. Quality Assurance therefore incorporates Good Manufacturing Practice plus other factors relevant to quality assurance and Quality Council is confirming the consistency of quality improvement at site. The system of Quality Assurance and Quality Council appropriate for the manufacture of medicinal products: